---
    layout: post
    title: HiMSS 2014
    catagories: [healhtIT, mHealth, himss]
---



**[#HiMSS14 Infographic][2]**

My yearly nerdprom in healthcare IT is a little 40k attendee shindig each spring put on by [HIMSS][1], the Health Information and Management Systems Society's annual conference. This wasn't my first year attending, but in previous years I mostly kept to myself, did some edu sessions and then bunkered down in my hotel at night.  It's a somewhat intimidating event for me.  Read:  very intimdating. Since a major personal goal of mine in 2014 is to actually _meet_ people, I wanted a way to leverage social media during that awkward first hello. 

I've also been increasingly interested in infographics, and data design (and how horrible they usually are) so I merged the two together projects together.  A week before the conference, [HL7Standards][2] was kind enough to pubish an infographic I threw together for the HIMSS conference social media memebers. 

It's pretty horrible, but everyone starts somewhere.  It ended up getting some reasonable traction within the community, and more than once during introductions, people were able to associate my name with the peice.  Seems that many people are visual learners like myself. Mission accomplished.

That being said, it was pretty silly, and I threw in things like #HITbros as a semi-private joke, not thinking anyone would take it serisouly.  Lesson learned?  You never know what will spread online...

I'm looking forward to building a few more, and exploring more graphical representations of health information data in a serious light.  It's a nice creative break from dry health IT policy and regulations. 



[1]: http://www.himssconference.org/
[2]: http://www.hl7standards.com/blog/2014/02/19/infographic-social-media-in-health-technology/
