---
    layout: post
    title: Codes of Conduct
    catagories: [healhtIT, mHealth, himss]
---
 
I've been reaching out to HIMSS for the past 6 months trying to find out a few things, but have been met with radio silance.  In the past 2-3 years, HIMSS national conference has had police involvement for harrassment and assault cases several times ( > 6x ) and I don't think it's unreasonable to make contact and mitigation infomation accessable to members and attendees.  Feb 19, 2014 I submitted an open letter to HIMSS Media, but it was regected by Tom Sullivan unless I was willing to remove any mention of the organization. 
 
 
 1) Code of Conduct, and anti-harrassment policies in place for both conferences and HIMSS membership. 
 
 2) Public points of contact to report harrassment and assualt complaints.  
 
 3) Formal response to requests to make this information publically visable and accessable.
 
 
Furthermore, I'm trying to obtain some speaker demographic data from the HIMSS14 conference.  It would be great if I had data for the past ten years, but I'm not very hopeful. I'm curious, for an organisation which lobbies for data interoperbility, why is this only avaible through manual pdf scanning?  Do I really need to scan a 100page schedual to optain this information?

 4) Hometown (or home state/country) of speakers
 
 5) Gender or identified gender
 
 6) Age or age range.  Over/under 30yrs would suffice
 
 7) Company Role
 
 
I'll keep trying, and will update this page with any responses. Maybe 2015 will show some progress.  Sigh.

Aslo, starting http://www.himssplzrespond.com for the lulz.
 
